alright a roofie not the more its
insides product first of all let's talk
about your legs some rumors out there
that maybe you were done that the injury
so serious oh you know it was a very
serious injury I you know the gay there
are some times where it was kind of
rough but you know right now I'm ahead
of schedule i feel great legs come along
really well getting a lot of flexibility
back and that's the biggest issue that
it progresses the treatment progresses
I'll get a lot of my strength back to
some great shape feeling good you know
I'm excited for next season I can't wait
best conversations I always go back to
what he told me in high school of one of
your high school coach who said that you
had never played college football now
you're in the pros and talking to one of
the Ravens county thinks you could not
to start for the Raven hey you know it's
the trials and tribulations gotta go
through to get to where you're at and
you got to use that as motivation though
there's a lot of people who want to see
you succeed but at the same time they
give you the things that make you feel
like you can't do it and you know you're
going to take that turnaround out of it
and just use it as motivation so and
that's what I've done my whole career
and that's why I've made where I'm at
very grateful to be with Baltimore
Ravens and can't wait to listen has the
Bearcat football program exceeded all
expectations that you had one even a
talk to the new coaching staff I told
about today this place we used to have
our art team meetings and meet
individual needs and cubicles I mean
that's what we come from and you know
what from coming from that to where it's
at now unbelievable progress and you
know this place keeps exploding and you
know I think these new
new coaching staff is no cost a few
tickets and you're a guy that captured
the hearts of a lot of you see fans some
still say you're the favorite Dirk out
they've had so you've got to feel real
good about your career and the fact that
this community really accepted you in
milk absolutely you know the thing is i
gotta i get i appreciated the teammates
that i had without those guys i
wouldn'ta came as far as I have and you
know it's a very tight-knit group that I
have it it's an extremely close team
sport if you don't have team unity you
know there's nobody could have anything
so I'm very fortunate to have the
support that I've had here in fans you
know I always let the fans here because
you know I was here when there was 1600
people in the stands and now it's sold
out for 36,000 so you know it feels it
feels like you like I was part of a
building something that that that is
bring a smile to your face you have a
daughter now and that's a little bubble
it's my little sweetheart her name is a
hina rose probably I mean it's just
every day and when I come home you're
stressed out and work out and trading
stuff like that you see her laughing and
smiling and giggling well it's it's the
greatest thing to ever had I love my
little girl of death and it's just an
amazing to be a father for years and
years we will see players come and leave
and never come back today with several
NFL players here and it's just the
neutron to bear cat player that's what
you know we're trying to start the thing
is which earth which I'm sorry coach
Jones has been really open to bring the
professional NFL guys back in
and personally we feel like we owe it to
the University to come back anyways if
you look at the guys who are here so
it's the same group of guys that we had
my four years here to come back here and
you know just represents you know who we
where we came from and who we are now
it's what I'm saying it's very important
to us and we're excited to be here and
hopefully help these guys get the next
level as well you talked about the new
coaching staff and talk to a few of them
and I've talked to some of the players
here today everyone's excited I feel
like coach Lawson has picked up in the
weight room where coach long ago did a
great job and the new coaches are
excited everyone seems to be on the same
page you know they did a great job
putting together an outstanding coaching
staff they have and they even have some
of the younger coaches who actually
played it what's for dinner that played
against us while I was here so and I
think better format is they understand
what kind of football people playing
here at the University since today I
think that is more important than
anything if you have a coaching staff
doesn't really understand the tradition
that we're trying to build here it kind
of you kind of go into a black hole you
really don't know what's going on these
guys understand what bearcat football's
about they understand the intensity that
we used to play where we do play with
here and to have that understanding from
them and you know they want having them
one to bring us back it's trust me i
think there's steps
who cookie thanks for talking to us
today thanks for